[Docs] Change filesystem to file system following WUG (#295)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/architecture/pages/spacewalk-repo-sync.adoc

spacewalk-repo-sync is a command line tool for {productname}. It performs the following functions.

* **Copies a repo’s metadata to the database**

> * **Copies a repo’s RPM files to the file system**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Copies a repositories RPM files to the file system**
```

But it doesn't matter, because this book isn't published anyway.
